📝 Add note about `FIRST_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD` needing to be 40 characters or less (#1683)
fastapi/full-stack-fastapi-template: deployment.md

* `BACKEND_CORS_ORIGINS`: A list of allowed CORS origins separated by commas.
* `SECRET_KEY`: The secret key for the FastAPI project, used to sign tokens.
* `FIRST_SUPERUSER`: The email of the first superuser, this superuser will be the one that can create new users.

> * `FIRST_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD`: The password of the first superuser. Must be 40 characters or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `FIRST_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD`: The password of the first superuser. Default length constraints: 8–40 characters.
```
